OKTA-941796 Add RN entries for 2025.06.1 (#5514)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2025-okta-identity-engine/index.md

A new response property, `canChange`, is now returned for `password` enrollments when you make GET calls to the `/idp/myaccount/authenticators/{authenticatorId}/enrollments/` endpoint. This property indicates if the value of a `password` enrollment can be changed. With the addition of the `canChange` property, `canReset`, an existing response property, now indicates whether or not the user can reset the value of their `password` enrollment.

See the [MyAccount Authenticators API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-myaccount/myaccount/tag/Authenticators/#tag/Authenticators/operation/listEnrollments!c=200&path=canChange&t=response).
 <!-- OKTA-870897 -->

#### Bugs fixed in 2025.06.1

* When calling the Replace the resource set resource conditions endpoint, `/api/v1/iam/resource-sets/{resourceSetIdOrLabel}/resources/{resourceId}`, including an empty body didn't remove conditions. (OKTA-947764)

* Sending a phone challenge with the MyAccount Phone API (`POST /idp/myaccount/phones/{id}/challenge`) sometimes returned an HTTP 500 Internal Server error. (OKTA-946865)

* Customization fields in email templates were populated with unencoded information. (OKTA-922766)

> * The AD Bidirectional Group Management API threw a 500 error because of a null pointer exception. (OKTA-948743)

Reviewer: Maybe we can re-name phrase it like this?

```suggestion
* The Directories Integration API for AD Bidirectional Group Management returned a 500 error because of a null pointer exception. (OKTA-948743)
```
